>> Jem Young: Let's do expires headers.
So remember,
we said the headers are the instructions
on how to handle this particular request?
What does an expire header do, or
what do you think it does?
>> Jem Young: Anybody?
>> Speaker 2: Expire the cache.
>> Jem Young: Yes.
On which side, though?
Client-side or server-side?
>> Speaker 2: Client.
>> Jem Young: Yes, excellent.
Because our content
doesn't change that much,
unless we have a lot of dynamic content.
For the most part, you're just
serving back some sort of static file.
So why request that every time?
If it hasn't changed,
why should we have to do that every time?
We can set expire headers to say hey,
instead of making this request,
I'm telling you this content is so
fresh, so fresh for a month or so,
don't even make that request.
So we cut down on bandwidth
on the client side.
Your page loads much
faster cuz it's pulled.
We cut down on bandwidth on the server
side cuz I don't have to handle those type
of requests.
Make sense?
Expires headers are really powerful.
But as we see involving anything with
cacheing [LAUGH] you can get yourself into
a whole, in a bad spot very quickly.
Cuz it's a hard problem.
So let's talk about expires headers a bit.
>> Jem Young: And
if you look in the files
that it's requesting,
you'll see that it's sending down three or
four not modified.
That's because we're
using the ETag header.
Which I won't get into too much,
cuz Nginx does that for you.
But ETag is just a quick hash
of the file that says hey,
it hasn't changed,
don't even process this request.
The difference is it's still,
even with the ETag header,
it's still hitting the server.
And Nginx is still saying here's the ETag,
nothing's changed.
That's why it returns a 304,
which is a not-modified response.
But what's the difference between that and
expires headers?
>> Speaker 3: You wouldn't even have to
hit the server.
>> Jem Young: Exactly.
Exactly right.
So ETags are good.
By default, Nginx has them,
they're running.
It saves you a lot of processing power
cuz it's just gonna return the ETag very
quickly instead of the whole file back.
With expires headers,
we don't even have to make that request.
So let's add some expires headers, and see
if we can make our site just a little bit
faster.
>> Jem Young: I don't know why I put
var for all these.
It must have been a late
night coding session.
But it's not var, it's just etc,
I apologize.
>> Jem Young: So,
in etc/nginxsites-available.
Don't know why I did that too.
That's right, there we go.
etc/nginx/sites-available/default,
the file you all know and love.
Add a location block for static files.
>> Jem Young: So
what we're doing is for every request that
comes into our server, for your domain,
in this case gen.party, every request
that's looking for slash static,
slash something else,
we're gonna add expires headers.
And we're gonna say this content
is static, it expires in 30 days,
don't even bother making that request.
But we have to add
proxy_pass to static again.
Otherwise, we're just gonna a header, but
it won't actually make the request
in the node at that point.
So that's where we add
the proxy_pass to node/static.
[BLANK AUDIO]
>> Speaker 4: And does this is need to
precede location within default, does it-
>> Jem Young: Doesn't have to be,
but I found it good, it's good habit to
have location slash at the very bottom.
That's like, if everything else falls
through, that's what it's gonna hit.
But good question.
>> Jem Young: All right,
so let me just add this sudo vi etc nginx,
sites available, default.
>> Jem Young: And
>> Jem Young: Yeah,
put them here.
>> Jem Young: Right?
Everybody have something that looks around
something like this?
Well, it should look exactly like this.
>> Jem Young: And just gonna write quits.
Sanity check myself.
Looks good.
And we're just gonna reload nginx.
Alex is asking for a website with
about 10,000 requests per hour,
what would be a good number
process instead of auto?
So that largely depends.
On the machine we're using,
you're probably using the default
lowest end nginx blox, or digital ocean
box, which I am, which only has one core.
And in general, you don't want more
processes than you have cores.
So if you had a 32 core machine,
you could have 32 processes.
If you're a one core machine but
you say I can have five process, well,
at that point you're gonna have lock.
So Nginx is gonna be running,
and then node's gonna be running,
then MySQL's gonna berunning,
things like that.
So the general rule is, yeah,
don't have more processes running
than you have processors.
But if you're doing 10,000 requests per
hour, which is a decent amount of traffic,
you would have web server.
You have your own stand-alone web
server that only does Nginx, and
it handles HPS and things like that.
And that points to another server,
which is just running node.
That way, you just let Nginx
scale as much as you want.
And that's a general breakdown of most
server configurations, is you have web
servers, then you have database servers,
and you have servers that do everything.
In our case, we're running it all in
one because I don't want you to rack up
a giant bill cuz we're running
five different servers.
But in general, put Nginx on it's
own server as a web server, and
then let it scale infinitely.
>> Jem Young: Good question, though.
So now, let us request something
interesting.
>> Jem Young: Not
modified.
>> Jem Young: And if we take a look at
the request, it should be from memory,
if I did things correctly.
Yes, it's from disk cache.
>> Jem Young: So
you'll note your headers are,
the first request,
you won't get that because we
haven't sent out the headers yet.
The second request, it will not go out the
server because our [INAUDIBLE] control is
saying max age is 30 days.
So it won't make this request anymore.
>> Jem Young: So
what's something dangerous
with setting your cache very,
very long?
>> Speaker 5: You update your website and
no one can see the changes
until I hard refresh.
>> Jem Young: Exactly.
That's exactly right.
That's why cacheing is a hard
problem in computer science.
Cuz you want to serve
the fast experience possible.
In this instance, this is pretty slow.
>> Jem Young: This
is pretty fast cuz pretty
much an empty file.
This file's pretty fast, but
it returns in about a few milliseconds,
two milliseconds, cuz that request
doesn't even have to got out.
It reads in disk cache.
That's cool, it's a better experience for
my users, which is what we want.
But if I update this file, but
my caching headers are way too expired,
well, you're gonna be in some trouble.
And then try and explain to my dear
sweet mom how to hard refresh the page,
to clear the caches.
It's not a good experience.
So expires headers are not the cure-all,
it's not gonna solve all your problems.
In general, you wouldn't set something for
30 days, that's a long cache.
You'd set on the order of minutes.
Cuz most people aren't coming back to your
site over and over again within 30 days.
And your content has changed.
>> Jem Young: Yes?
>> Speaker 6: Another question in chat.
>> Jem Young: Alex is asking if I modify
something in the app, how can I force
the browser to request the file again?
Yes, we're gonna get to a bit more on
cache control, cuz caching is hard.
But if you want to, you can just,
with developer tools open in Chrome,
you hold down on the Refresh icon.
We can say empty cache hard reload.
It's gonna refresh a new file.
As we see,
it made the full round trip here.
>> Speaker 6: I think in his case, though,
he's asking about the user on
the other end, not for testing.
So if he's updating the CSS,
how can he make sure that they're always
getting the latest, version of that.
So if you're gonna go into that later,
then that's fine.
>> Jem Young: I'll touch on
that a bit later.
But that more comes on you as the
developer not setting your expires headers
too long.
You want it just long enough so
they're getting the freshest version.
Now, there's different ways of
making your responses much faster.
I like the Service Worker route.
There's a whole course on it, which I'll
ink to at the end, about Service Workers.
It's a two-day course that's pretty solid.
But a Service Worker essentially can
ask a cache sitting on the client.
And that does all the handshaking for you.
And you can send out expires
headers to the service worker.
It gets all fun and complicated.
But again, that's a whole nother course.
Expires headers are probably
the fastest and simplest way.
It was just one line in
our nginx configuration.
But in general,
don't overdo it with expires headers.
It may seem faster now, but as a user,
for instance, I don't have dev tool open,
how would I know I'm not getting
the freshest thing anymore?
You wouldn't know.
>> Jem Young: And
I will tell you more fun stories about
dumb things I've done with the cache.
Cuz we're gonna get a bit more in to
caching, cuz it is a way of serving things
very, very quickly if you do it right.
>> Jem Young: I'm excited.
>> Jem Young: So now, you should see,
when you request something,
let's try a longer URL.
>> Jem Young: This
cat's behind
>> Jem Young: Yeah,
this is another example.
Cats should be a bit faster now.
There we go.
Now, so as the demonstration of
the power of headers, and this is a,
I don't know, maybe a 10 megabyte file.
Actually, it's probably like 20.
>> Jem Young: It's pretty fast,
but not fast enough.
That's eight, about eight
milliseconds to load everything.
It's pretty fast.
But if we do it that,
it's 200 milliseconds.
Now, if you told me as an engineer,
I can make your request cut down by 75%,
I can make your site 75% faster,
I'm all ears.
That's great.
That's the power of the expires headers.
We're gonna talk a bit more cuz
we're gonna make an nginx cache.
So rather than caching on the client side,
we're gonna cache it on the server
side.
>> Jem Young: You should be excited.
This is practical stuff that you can
take home to your website today.
And just by tweaking your headers just
a little bit, you can make your site much
more responsive to users.
>> Jem Young: All right,
so you should see requests
coming from memory cache,
if you set your headers correctly, for
all files that are under slash static.
So we cached essentially
on the client side.
Well, we cached in a way.
We just said hey, browser,
use whatever you have already,
don't make any new requests.
But what if that's not good enough?
What if we want the browser
to check every single time?
But on the server side, we know that
this request is particularly slow.
We can cache it on that end, too.
So we can make our slow file request much,
much faster now.
Cuz right now, it takes about six seconds.
That's how I configured it,
it probably is.
Let's take a look.
Whoops.
>> Jem Young: Up.
>> Jem Young: And this is the repo that
we're working in.
So let's take a look at app js.
Let's look in the server
configuration a bit.
>> Jem Young: And
I'm using Express 3001.
>> Jem Young: Static,
I'm just serving a static index.
Send file.
It's pretty static.
Again, just sending
the directory back down.
Load, we're gonna play with in a minutes.
Cats, we saw that.
And slow file just says I'm putting
a timeout around the response.
So it's artificially slow.
But let's just pretend it's a really
long running database query,
something like that, something
that's computationally expensive.
So that's slow file.
>> Jem Young: Actually,
just give it a shot.
So setting the expires header on slow file
doesn't help because it still
has to do some checking.
At the root directory,
it still has to check the server
to say are you still around.
Expires headers aren't the cure-all for
everything.
It's still slow,
even with our expires headers.
So we're gonna implement caching on nginx
side, so we can make even a slow query
much, much faster.
>> Jem Young: Everybody with me so far?
Any question about caching?
All right, let's make this fly.
>> Speaker 3: I was just gonna ask is
there anything I need to do, or I might
have missed a step, to refresh the,
to make it, the cached headers change?
I'm still getting max age zero for
the cache control.
>> Jem Young: Did you restart nginx?
>> Speaker 3: Probably didn't.
>> Jem Young: I do that all the time.
Like why aren't you working,
I know this is right.
And it's just restarting nginx.
>> Speaker 3: Is that the command,
restart nginx?
>> Jem Young: Sudo service nginx restart.